---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---

This week has been one of the more stressful ones. It was the final week before we had to turn in our projects. We had to make sure we got all the requirements in, as well as do a little bit of extra to make sure our website looks good. When we finally finished the project, I felt very fulfilled and thought that it went quite well. All that is left is to present our product, but this is another big challenge for me. I hate pubic speaking, so exposing myself and talking about our project will not be enjoyable for me.

The class this week has been okay. I was not too happy that there was a Canvas quiz during class, and I did not bring a cmputer to answer the questions with. I was under the impression that I would get no credit, so I did not even try hadning in a sheet of paper, but after looking back and remembering a piazza post, it said a paper was okay. I really hope these tiny mistakes that slip my mind are getting out of my system before the final test is given. I am not looking forward to that considering all the school work is piling on right as the semester is ending.

#### Tip of the week:
Thanksgiving break is almost among us, so everyone is heading home. I know most college students, if not all, will be busy doing fun things with their family and friends, but on the off chance that there is a  student looking to get some work done, they should try to SSH into the computer lab. [This](http://www.makeuseof.com/tag/4-easy-ways-to-use-ssh-in-windows/) really helped show me how I could easily use SSH in Windows.
