---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

This week's quizzes disappointed me. I missed several of them. Some of them I missed due to sending an incorrect text to Tophat. Some other ones I got wrong were due to simple carelessness on my part. I also think I got one wrong due to just not knowing the answer to the question. It seemed like I was on the right track a few weeks ago, but now it seems I have taken a step back and started to get these Tophat questions wrong. However, now that the first test is just around the corner, changing some study habits and concentraation now would be perfect timing. 

I feel that my schedule has emptied a bit due to the absence of a programming project, so I hope that it does not mean I am not studying hard enough. I am worried I amm underestimating Downing's test because I know how hard his tests are. At the moment, I feel like studying all the code we have gone over ini class should be sufficient for now. Hopefully, the next few days of class will give me a better idea of how I should be going about these tests.

One thing that I was happy about this week was that I was able to answer Downing's questions for me when he called on me. I think that gave me some confidence that I was heading in the right direction in terms of paying attention in class.

#### Tip of the week:
Now that the test is around the corner, people should be studying Python like crazy. Python comes on many machines and its very easy to install, but if any of you guys are too lazy to install it and just want to play aaround with it, you should try using [this](https://repl.it/) online compiler for Python.
