---
layout: post
title: Week 10
---

This week was fairly lax. There was no project due this week, so the stress was not really there, but once the next week hits, time will feel kind of strained. The classes were very typical with the coding reviews. These lectures about relations and databases seem kind of interesting at the moment. I was surprised because I thought that I did not like databases, so it was surprising that I discovered this side of me. The quizzes this week were okay, however I was disappointed that I got a couple wrong that I should have gotten correct. It seems like I was tricked since I did not read the problem correctly, and those kind of problems leave a bad taste in my mouth, so hopefully I will be able to clear my head for the next round of quizzes.

At this point in the project, my team is starting to ramp up production since it is getting more interesting. Howeever, I feel that I am still very confused and will be needing to study more before I can compare to their contributions. I really want to make this project amazing like my fellow teammates, but there is so much that I am lacking that it feels like I will not be able to make that happen. This down time that we have before the project is due will hopefully be useful to me.

#### Tip of the week:
Now that we have an actual working product, we can all see our site come to life. And now that it is alive, we can all see the spots where possible problems are, as well as the peeves we get after navigaating through the site. There are several things about a website that one can do to improve the user interaction, but hopefully [this](http://www.smashingmagazine.com/2009/01/12-useful-techniques-for-good-user-interface-design-in-web-applications/) list can help with narrowing down some ideas.
