---
layout: post
title: Week 14
---

This week was the last week of class. It was a very stressful week with all of my classes finishing up. The last couple of classes of this class were all pretty interesting. It was fun finding out how other project groups went about with their websites. My group and I presetned on the first day, so it was kind of nerve racking since we did not know how well we should be doing, and what to do during the presentaion. On the other hand, it was good that we got to get everything over with early, allowing me to focus on the other groups' presentations without thinking of how to go about our own presentation. 

I also had my final test last week, which was pretty hard. I knew going into the test that it was going to be bad since I did not prepare enough, so I am hoping that I could just pass. It was hard coming to terms with this, but that was what I had to do.

This year has been an interesting one. I have met a lot of brilliant people, and it makes me realize how much more I need to do to improve myself. Working with all these people was a nice spark that lit a bit of my programmer's soul, and helped me in learning various things this semester. I really enjoy Downing classes because of how much I can be taught, so I am hoping I can still obtain these experiences later on in life.

#### Tip of the week:
People start to go their separate ways eventually, which is kind of disappointing. After working hard together, it seems so sad that we will not be working together anymore. That is why having a way to collaborate off-site would be perfect for working with buds that are elsewhere. This year, [slack](https://slack.com/) helped in talking things out with my team, and hopefully, it can be put to good use in the future.
