---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

This week was another stressful week. The quizzes these days seem to throw me off a bit. I should be getting them correct, but I feel that the time constraint is putting pressure on my mind, which results in me not thinking things through. I clearly remember my head going blank as I answered some of these questions, so I hope it does not continue in the future for quizzes, or tests.

This week was mainly stressful due to the project. I am still learning a few things here and there so the project is interesting in the sense that I am learning new things every time I work on it. However, this does not bode well for my grade if I cannot do more than I am doing so far. I hope that I can eventually dish out production as quickly as I need it to be so that I can finish things more on schedule. It does seem like I am contributing more to team than I have been in the past, but I still need to work on my skills.

#### Tip of the week:
One of these days, life will be filled with stress, more so than anything we have been experiencing so far. Hopefully, school will help us prepare for this real-world circumtances where we have to face the clock and stare time in the face. The beads of sweat flowing down our temples due to mind boggling problems. However, for the good of our health, we need to learn how to relax to recuperate, where [this](https://www.quora.com/As-a-software-engineer-how-do-you-de-stress-yourself-from-a-days-months-work) comment gave me a few pointers.
