---
layout: post
title: Week 8
---

This week was pretty exciting. This week we are finally getting started on our final project. After a bit of switching around, I was finally able to settle down with one group. This will be my first real time working on an actual product that will be put out thtere on the web, so I was pretty anxious. I had mixed feelings about being excited about making something cool, and being afraid that I would be useless to my team because of my meager skills. The members of my group seem to have a bunch of experience, and seem quite confident in their skills, so it worries me that I wll not be able to keep up. There were multiple days without quizzes so it helped that there was less pressure on me at the beginning of class. I also enjoyed the talk that was given by Rackspace. It was pretty informative, so hopefully my group does not run into any problems when trying to get everything set up.

Another thing that was exciting this week was the test grades. I am so glad that my hard work payed off. I do not remember the last time I got such a good score. Ever since my first year of college, it felt like my stduy habits and productivity has been on a decline, so this helped in reminding me I still have what it takes to do well in the things that I want to do.

#### Tip of the week:
We all are starting out on our group projects. Some of you may not have experience with programming in a group, so hopefully,  [this](http://blog.codinghorror.com/in-programming-one-is-the-loneliest-number/) article will tell you a bit more about how great it is.
