---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

This week was pretty good. I was able to answer all the TopHat questions correctly. I'm not sure it was due to all the extra studying due to the test or because the questions maybe got easier. Hopefully, it was because I finally started to think in the right mindset after studying for the test a bit. I was also glad that I was able to answer professor Downing's in-class questions when he called on me. I was very surprsed when the graders released the grades for our most recent project, as well. I messed up a bit, but was able to get a lot of extra credit points that balanced out my mistakes in order to get a good grade. I was actually worried a lot about that because my mistake affected my partner, too, but it ended up okay.

This week was a big week because my class had to take their first test of the semester this week. I knew that Downing's test are known to be pretty hard, so I was scared of it the entire week. I studied what I could before the actual day, and even had a small study group, so I thik I was as prepared as I could have been. I do not want to jinx myself, but I think I did pretty well. I able to finish the test in the alotted time with spare time to check over all my answers. It felt like I knew what each question wanted, so I was able to think about things more quickly, instead of getting stuck on small details. There were a few aspects that I got confused about on a couple of questions, but nothing really major was confusing. With this test out of the way, I am glad that I can enjoy the day off that Downing gave us on Friday.

#### Tip of the week:
As computer science students, we will reach many benchmarks on our road. It is good to take these benchmark as a chance to rest a bit in celebration to completing something important. Anything that you enjoy can be a celebration, even a small [comic](http://xkcd.com/).
