---
layout: post
title: Week 12
---

This week was a pretty relaxing. It felt very relaxing knowing that we just turned in our project, and we get some down time before the final product is up ad running. The project this time around felt very busy, and we had to get a lot done so that we could catch up because I feel that we were a bit behind on our first submission. However, it seemed like the requirements feel a bit underwhelming for the third submission, so the urgency is not as prevalent as previously. Hopefully, my group will be able to complete the assignment smoothly. 

The classes were pretty interesting this week, especially since the was a guest speaker that came to talk about how work life would be after graduating from UTCS. He gave good insight about what to expect, in terms of work, life and culture. I still have not landed a job yet, so hopefully, I will be able to discover a place that I can enjoy to work at. The quizzes nowadays are tricky, so I do not seem to get as many as I have hoped to get. I feel that the time constraint is what really screws me over because I cannot seem to finish reading the question completely in order to allot myself an adequare amount of time to answer the question.

#### Tip of the week:
Recently, I have been practicing how to type faster because if I could type faster, I woud be able to dish out code in a shorter amount of time. I have been playing typing games, such as [this](http://play.typeracer.com/) so that I can have an easy way to practice.
