---
layout: post
title: Week 5
---

This week was kind of mixed with ups and downs. This week's class went by very smoothly. I understood the lecture pretty well. I was called on for the second time this semester, but I handled it very well in my opinion, although he did not really give me any hard questions to answer. The questions he asked through Tophat were also not that hard either. I believe I answered most of them correctly.

The guest speaker was really entertaining this week. I really liked how Professor Downing got someone from a company like Jet Propulsion Lab because these types of companies don't seem to be a typical computer scientist job. I think these types of companies interest me, so it was really intriguing listening to the guest.

Despite the positive things that I experienced this semester, I got a massive disappointment when I discovered that I forgot to invite the graders to my repository. I remembered Downing mentioning that something needed to be accepted or invited once for the entire semester when he was talking about the Collatz project, so inviting the graders didn't even come to mind during the project. Hopefully, I can get enough points on the project that it doesn't affect my fianl grade too much. I'm just glad it is over.

#### Tip of the week:
Now that the career fair is over with, it is time to get ready for some interviews in the future. Interviews go a lot better when one can enjoy them, but that doesn't always happen. [This](http://www.businessinsider.com/what-to-do-in-the-15-minutes-before-job-interview-2014-3) article will help one prepare one's mind right before the interview.
