---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

This week went pretty well. The class lectures were a pretty standard code review style. I felt that I was able to understand the stuff he was talking about to a good extent, and was able to learn a lot through the practice and professor. I was called on to speak this week, and even though I did not know what to the professor was talking about at the beginning, I was able to work my way through the prblem and eventually answer the professor's questions properly.

The quizzes this week went pretty well. I felt that studying the previous lecture's material helped me prepare for the quizzes at the beginning of class. I was able to answer most of them this week, so I am getting more confident that my study habits are beginning to bear fruit. Hopefully, the questions keep on refering to the previous day's material.

This week the first phase of the final installment was due. I was afraid that I would not be able to help out my team at all, but I seemed to find a place in the team that helped in completing the final product. However, I feel that I will need to work even harder; some of the other teams have created some pretty well done websites, so I think it would be beneficial for the team if I had a greater impact on the product.

#### Tip of the week:
I have not really done much in terms of web development, so during the project, I had to guess what would be good for the final project. It is helpful to look up sites that talk about what would be good, like [this](http://www.adviainternet.com/blog/5-web-design-best-practices-for-a-great-website/) website. This helped me get a good idea about what we want as an end product.
